docs: clarification on Synchronization and jqFilter (#79)
flant/shell-operator: HOOKS.md

- If hook's configuration is successful, the workqueue is filled with `onStartup` hooks.

> - After `onStartup` hooks execution, Shell-operator subscribes to Kubernetes events according to configured `kubernetes` bindings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- After executing `onStartup` hooks, Shell-operator subscribes to Kubernetes events according to configured `kubernetes` bindings.
```

> - Than, the work queue is filled with `kubernetes` hooks with `Synchronization` type of [binding context](#binding-context), so each hook receives all existing objects described in hook configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Then, the work queue is filled with `kubernetes` hooks with `Synchronization` [binding context](#binding-context) type, so that each hook receives all existing objects described in hook's configuration.
```

- `namespace.labelSelector` — this filter works like `labelSelector` but for namespaces and Shell-operator dynamically subscribes to events from matched namespaces.

> - `jqFilter` —  an optional parameter that specifies additional event filtering with [jq syntax](https://stedolan.github.io/jq/manual/). The  hook will be triggered on Modified event only if filter result is changed after the last event. See example [102-monitor-namespaces](examples/102-monitor-namespaces).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `jqFilter` —  an optional parameter that specifies additional event filtering with [jq syntax](https://stedolan.github.io/jq/manual/). The hook will be triggered on Modified event only if filter result is changed after the last event. See example [102-monitor-namespaces](examples/102-monitor-namespaces).
```

Shell-operator requires a ServiceAccount with the appropriate [RBAC](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/rbac/) permissions. See examples with RBAC: [monitor-pods](examples/101-monitor-pods) and [monitor-namespaces](examples/102-monitor-namespaces).

##### jqFilter

> This filter is used to ignore excess "Modified" events, not to select subscribed objects. For example, if hook is interested in changes of labels, `"jqFilter":".metadata.labels"` can be used to ignore changes in status or annotations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This filter is used to ignore superfluous "Modified" events, not to select objects to subscribe to. For example, if hook is interested in changes of labels, `"jqFilter": ".metadata.labels"` can be used to ignore changes in `.status` or `.metadata.annotations`.
```
